den bosch has for years dominated in tales or not tyton not judging
dragged and language and that only flows through
you have to put an end to that, you would say
Not like that were Vorstenbos lies the world's breasts sausage
the back line trains the youth and tries these young players for years
ready for a bright future and maybe title 16 17 and 18 as
you just some outside
what do you want those kids off
if you want to achieve something, recognize the street
the doctors themselves therefore make the decision and and are reinforced from
to give the kiss
watched with the speech
the maintained age is worth nothing
so i had
you don't do this once a week
I give training together twice a week in March
cage trap
It's over
is still on spring
we must have emerged this year now and why would you ever go there again
at
there is real talent in it
They come so very relaxed as it is but not really that
and in that age class two gentlemen who have children
and from 10 to
the water was anp
he has pmt pme
are they the children who
who have been playing from an early age on the strip of the fact that coming and the
most from childhood and
there are a few obeidi from outside
with such a big club
plays pay
some guests
that is not right and that really is better than the fall
call it a hamstring
We do not realize that Koblenko also stays in the depots
yes i can but i played my friday together this from the hill that active on
time
and then it sounds like the mole was a bit off
that's why I look further up
and then it didn't come
and they enter
but with that also admitted she was also much better than the rest
and yes well yes I think people who live a bit thin then you notice that
don't go along
that action for feyenoord in the field you see what happens
But I think it was there in the long run that the newspaper resisted it
first team small
in the end we were allowed but the striker at this was for us
it is a man from the polls at the forest
It is also good news selling new shares
that must stop sometime
yes you can but I think if you keep it good the policy
then there is always anp
except the top is running well that is possible
that is not going to happen but
the top must be turned
miss tot damloop leaving a process behind
that saves you more
yes I think that little contributes to doing are staying together or
time long stand team player
evil forces that farmer has setup
for the time being it goes too
this that surprised well we are a very strong team of course so much
good ek in a time of
Certain titles will not continue to be deposited twice last year
the titles remain here in den bosch
yes it was also ten years later in the nineties in cuba not saying makes
mh
I just try to collapse every year
in practice, step by step towards happiness
lawyer gets with
not difficult to get going